What's wrong with you?
You haven 't answered my emails.
I can't tell you now.
Yes, you can.
Who is the caveman?
The man Grandfather wanted me to find.
You can't bring him in like that.
Lord Shingen, your father is asking for you.
It is time.
I need to speak with my father...
before he speaks to Grandfather.
He ' I l tal k to you later, Mari ko.
Father! I need to see you now!
Not now, Mariko!
Don't look so sad, Shingen.
I ' m sti I l dyi ng.
There is no easy way to say this.
But then, it's never been easy for us, has it?
I have tried, father.
You 've done the best you can.
That will never happen.
I pledge to you...
Master Yashida...
to be vigilant...
and to dedicate my life...
to protect Mariko.
This cowardly attack was...
the work of Yakuza thugs.
A violent response to my efforts...
to crack down on organized crime.
They exited the North Gate.
She was with the stranger --
Kill him already!
Our island is long and thin.
Trains only run in two directions.
I assure you Lord Shingen...
my officers are making every effort--
Then they' re idiots.
You've wasted enough of my time.
I have my father's affairs to attend to.
Get out and find her
If the Yakuza got into the funeral...
they had someone inside.
They' ll never find me here.
You're not safe.
I 'm coming down there.
They' ll follow you.
Please.
Wait a few days.
Please. I'm fine.
Logan's here.
He's wounded, Mariko.
Someone's here.
I have to go.
A tree fell on the road.
The men could use some help.
Did you know I stud ied biology i n col lege?
Genetics.
There are genes that skip generations.
Recessive genes.
Eyes.
Eyes. Hai r.
Talent.
Temperament.
N ot every chi ld gets the same.
My father saw I ittle of hi mself i n me.
But i n you...
he faced a mirror.
How d id you convi nce my father...
to award you control...
of Asia's largest corporation?
You've gone insane.
I ' m just waking up.
If you kill me, you will lose...
what little honor you have left.
Fear not Mariko.
I don't want to hurt you.
I want to help you.
Help you end your pain...
what that mUTAnt stopped you...
from doing last week.
I never wanted to die, Father.
It's alright, Mariko.
Come with me.
What is happening?!
More than you can i magi ne.
Why have you brought me here?
What are you hiding?
You will soon find out.
I know you care for him.
You need to let go of that.
You are a Yashida.
She betrayed my grandfather...
and so have you.
No Mariko.
We grEW up together.
You need to trust me.
Let me go to him!
He saved my life!
Let him go, Mariko!
This isn 't easy for me but...
I 'm following Grandfather's wishes.
The Viper woman is evil...
we both know that.
But she's a means to an end...
an end your grandfather wanted.
You need to trust me.
Is that hard?
We were meant to be together.
We still can be.
Perhaps.
This is madness.
I ' m sorry.
You are a monster.
You are my only fam i ly.
Be well, sister.